Important Safety Information
CONTRAINDICATIONS
TREMFYA® is contraindicated in patients with a history of serious hypersensitivity reaction to guselkumab or to any of the excipients.

WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS
Infections
TREMFYA® may increase the risk of infection. Treatment with TREMFYA® should not be initiated in patients with a clinically important active infection until the infection resolves or is adequately treated.

Consider the risks and benefits of treatment prior to prescribing TREMFYA® in patients with a chronic infection or a history of recurrent infection. Instruct patients receiving TREMFYA® to seek medical help if signs or symptoms of clinically important chronic or acute infection occur. If a patient develops a clinically important or serious infection, or is not responding to standard therapy, closely monitor and discontinue TREMFYA® until the infection resolves.

Pre-Treatment Evaluation for Tuberculosis (TB)
Evaluate patients for TB infection prior to initiating treatment with TREMFYA®. Initiate treatment of latent TB prior to administering TREMFYA®. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of active TB during and after TREMFYA® treatment. Do not administer TREMFYA® to patients with active TB infection.

Hypersensitivity Reactions
Serious hypersensitivity reactions have been reported with postmarket use of TREMFYA®, some cases required hospitalization. If a serious hypersensitivity reaction occurs, discontinue TREMFYA® and initiate appropriate therapy.

Immunizations
Prior to initiating TREMFYA®, consider completion of all age-appropriate immunizations according to current immunization guidelines. Avoid use of live vaccines in patients treated with TREMFYA®.

ADVERSE REACTIONS
Most common (≥1%) adverse reactions associated with TREMFYA® include upper respiratory infections, headache, injection site reactions, arthralgia, diarrhea, gastroenteritis, tinea infections, and herpes simplex infections.

Please read the full Prescribing Information and Medication Guide for TREMFYA®. Provide the Medication Guide to your patients and encourage discussion.

cp-82625v1